Updated MathType docs (#375)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/features/mathtype/README.md

To be able to use the plugin, the editor must allow to include MathML syntax via the {@link guide/dev/acf/README Advanced Content Filter} mechanism.

> If the editor has been configured to use custom configuration of the {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config#toolbarGroups config.toolbarGroups} option, make sure to add `others` toolbar definition object, as it's required by the MathType plugin. See {@link features/toolbarconcepts/README#toolbar-groups-configuration Toolbar Groups Configuration} guide to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the editor has been configured to use custom configuration of the {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config#toolbarGroups config.toolbarGroups} option, make sure to add the `others` toolbar definition object, as it
is required by the MathType plugin. See the {@link features/toolbarconcepts/README#toolbar-groups-configuration Toolbar Groups Configuration} guide to learn more.
```
